# M10 Code Challange

Hello! If you are reading this you probably have been through the first stage of interviewing at M10, and have been given this code challenge. So what are you looking at here? This is a toy ledger implementation. There is a CLI located in `client` and a gRPC server located in `server`. You can see the protocol definitions in `protos`. Take a look at the code, and play around with it. It should be easy to get running using `cargo run`.

So what's the actual challenge here? There is a bit of a choose your own adventure element. There are 3 potential challenges listed below that should roughly coincide with what level you would be joining M10 at (junior, mid-level, or senior). Pick a level that matches your experience. If you think one is too easy, and you have extra time try out the others. To be clear you don't have to do all the challenges (unless you really want to). No points will be awarded for completion-ism. The goal of each of these challenges is to integrate your problem-solving and Rust skills. Here are the challenges in ascending order of difficulty. 

1. Add the ability to "freeze" an account. Essentially we want the ability to disable an account's ability to transact. This feature should be added to the protobufs, the client, and the server. The exact specifics of the UX are up to you, but try to keep it reasonable. This shouldn't require any huge changes to the code. Write a small 2-4 sentence explanation of your changes, and why you made them
2. Add some form of authentication to this API. This could be Bearer Tokens or signatures. It should be supported in the CLI and the server. This doesn't need to be the most secure implementation in the world, but make sure to make notes of anywhere you cut corners. It's more important that you know a corner is cut, not that you did it. Same as above write a small paragraph explaining your changes.
3. Add your own feature! There are a lot of simple features missing from the CLI and server missing before this can be production ready. Please choose a feature that requires changes to both the CLI and the server, and implement it. Just as above you can cut any corners you want, as long as it's noted somewhere. Also write a short (1 page ~300 words) design document describing your feature, some use cases, and the implementation.

When you are done with the challenge you can create a fork of this repo, and upload your results there. Please write git commits as if you were actually on the job. If you have any questions don't hesitate to ask. We won't help with the actual implementation, but any questions about requirements or procedures are fair game.

